Ncsdk 14460 event manager icmsg (#7286)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/event_manager_proxy/README.rst

      cd build/event_manager_proxy_remote-prefix/src/event_manager_proxy_remote-build/
      west flash

>  To provide the ICMSG backend configuration, specify the ``-DCONF_FILE=prj_icmsg.conf`` parameter along with the build command:
> 
>   .. code-bloc:: console
> 
>      west build -p -b nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp -- -DCONF_FILE=prj_icmsg.conf
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ICMSG backend configuration
 To provide the ICMSG backend configuration, specify the ``-DCONF_FILE=prj_icmsg.conf`` parameter along with the build command:

  .. code-bloc:: console

     west build -p -b nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp -- -DCONF_FILE=prj_icmsg.conf

```
One concern here: this is the only place where we mention ICMSG configuration. For this reason, I would rather see these lines in a "Configuration" section with additional information about the ICMSG configuration, even just one line of context.

      cd build/event_manager_proxy_remote-prefix/src/event_manager_proxy_remote-build/
      west flash

> Selecting ICMSG backend
> =======================
> 
> The sample is provided with ICMSG backend configuration. To use it, specify the ``-DCONF_FILE=prj_icmsg.conf`` parameter along with the build command:
> 
>   .. code-block:: console
> 
>      west build -p -b nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp -- -DCONF_FILE=prj_icmsg.conf
> 

Reviewer 2: The whole steps should be moved after step 63 as we are building the sample at that step. The section heading should be removed.
```suggestion
 To provide the ICMSG backend configuration, specify the ``-DCONF_FILE=prj_icmsg.conf`` parameter along with the build command:

  .. code-bloc:: console

     west build -p -b nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp -- -DCONF_FILE=prj_icmsg.conf

```
